[Music]
another day another group of pro
Palestinian students occupying yet
another American University demanding a
ceasefire in Gaza and a free Palestine
free free free Palestine this encampment
at City University of New York was in
its second day on Friday a public
institution joining a movement that
started at elite private institutions
that has spread from campus to campus
Coast to Coast from Columbia University
to the University of Southern California
which has canell its graduation ceremony
over the
protests the occupations are rejected by
University leaders and reviled by campus
police whom students block from entering
the territory they
occupy but supported by the swelling
ranks of students and Palestinian
Advocates across the us including
Orthodox Jewish supporters murder and
oppression of the people of Gaza and
as as a child of Holocaust of I it
disturbs me to my core to
see my own people perpetrating something
that we've been through it's just very
disturbing on Thursday campus police
tried and failed to forcibly clear
students from their Camp of occupation
the encampment at City University of New
York is a tranquil even festive scene
but what people are worried about now is
that New York police will come in and do
what campus police
couldn't the New York police department
on Friday prepositioned barricades and
portable light poles a Harbinger
students fear of a new wave of arrests
that have swept universities Across the
Nation by the
hundreds at each campus student
organizers and University leaders
negotiate demands and a tent standoff
the students wanting Dev vestment of
University assets from Israel and
anything that helps it wage war in Gaza
University leaders demanding their
campuses
back it's beautiful to see that there's
so many encampments that the young
people are really really starting to
show up and support and demand of the
schools are held accountable for their
um relationship with the Israeli
commonization as College presidents call
in police to clear encampment after
encampment
the demonstrators build and rebuild in a
stalemate that reflects a deeply divided
American Nation John hendren Al jazer
New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz